"You will act like an expert in dialogic reading. For each paragraph of the following stories, you are going to create a  questions using the each of the CROWD techniques in dialogic reading, respectively Paragraph. 1.
The day was warm and smelled of summer.
Herman and Henry were busy planning their holidays.
There were SO MANY exciting places to go.

Paragraph. 2.
But all the BEST places cost SO MUCH money. Far too much for Herman and Henry.It was looking like they'd be staying at home this year.
And Henry didn't like that one little bit.
Herman hated to see his best friend upset.

Paragraph. 3.
so he set out to find
a holiday they COULD afford. A short while later, Herman had everything they could possibly need for a fun-packed break.
He was SO excited - after all, EVERYBODY loves camping!

Paragraph. 4.
Well, maybe not EVERYbody. Henry does not like it.
still. it was all booked now.
By lunchtime, they had each packed a few essentials and were ready to go.

Paragraph. 5.
As they set off. Herman felt ready for anything.
Henry, on the other hand just felt like going home.

Paragraph. 6.
Within five minutes of arriving at the camp site, Herman's tent was up and the marshmallows were toasting.
But Henry did NOT find camping quite so easy.
Paragraph. 7.
That night, Henry didn't sleep very well.
He just couldn't get comfy. To be perfectly honest, he was a teeny bit scared.
And that was BEFORE his tent collapsed!

Paragraph. 8.

The next morning Herman took Henry into town to buy some postcards.
But they each wrote
VERY different things.

Paragraph. 9.
Henry TRIED to enjoy his holiday - but nothing seemed to be working out for him.
Herman got the impression that his friend wasn't having a particularly great time.

Paragraph. 10.
So the next day.
Herman didnt just write one postcard, he wrote loads!

Paragraph. 11.
Before long, strange packages began to arrive for Herman. It was all VERY mysterious to Henry.

Paragraph. 12.
That night, Herman waited until his friend fell asleep ,and he put his plan into action! 

Paragraph. 13.
By the time the sun rose, the campsite had been transformed.
Henry couldn t believe his eyes! Herman has built a house for Henry!

Paragraph. 14.
The two friends spent the rest of their time doing ALL the things that make a GREAT holiday.
Everything was just perfect!

Paragraph. 15.
But despile everything that he had built, Herman refused to abandon his tent.
After all this WAS a camping holiday. "
